"Greetings, traveler. What brings you to this desolate land?"
"What do you seek? Wealth? Power? Knowledge? Or perhaps something else?"
"I have wares beyond your wildest imagination. Care to take a look?"
"You look like you could use some new equipment. I have just what you need."
"Want to make a deal? I'll trade you something valuable for something you don't need."
"Do you believe in fate? Perhaps it brought us together for a reason."
"I've been around for a long time. I've seen things you wouldn't believe."
"In this world, you either adapt or die. I've chosen to adapt."
"I have secrets that could change the course of history. Are you interested?"
"I don't just sell goods. I sell stories."
"You remind me of someone I used to know. They didn't end up so well."
"I know the price of everything, but the value of nothing."
"The world is a dangerous place. That's why you need my help."
"Do you want to know the truth? About this world, about yourself?"
"Some say I'm cursed. Others say I'm blessed. What do you think?"
"Money can't buy happiness, but it can buy power. And that's almost the same thing."
"I've met many travelers like you. Some of them are still alive."
"I'm not just a trader. I'm a survivor. And so are you."
"There are things in this world that are worth more than gold. Are you willing to find out?"
"You might think you're alone in this world, but you're not. Not anymore."
"What's the point of living if you don't take risks?"
"I have a feeling that we'll meet again. I hope you'll be ready."
"I've seen civilizations rise and fall. But you know what never changes? The desire for power."
"If you're looking for a friend, you won't find one here. But if you're looking for an ally, I'm your man."
"I have many names, but you can call me the Strange Trader."
"Looking for a rare find? I might have just the thing for you."
"You look like you could use a new weapon. How about a flamethrower?"
"I heard you were coming. Let me show you some of my best wares."
"Ah, a fellow survivor! What can I do for you today?"
"I'm not just a trader. I'm also a collector of rare artifacts."
"Don't mind the radiation. It's perfectly safe, I swear."
"You look like you've seen some things. Want to talk about it?"
"I've got everything from seeds to guns. What's your pleasure?"
"Step right up, folks! See the wonders of the post-apocalypse!"
"I know what you're thinking. 'Where can I find a giant mutant scorpion?' Look no further!"
"How about a deal? You give me something shiny, and I'll give you something deadly."
"I've traveled all across this wasteland. Let me tell you, the things I've seen..."
"Welcome, welcome! Come see what treasures I have for sale today."
"If you're looking for food, I recommend the canned stuff. It's only slightly irradiated."
"I've got a special item today. Only slightly cursed."
"Don't mind the smell. It's just the gas leaks."
"What do you mean, you don't have any ammo? That's like going into battle without pants!"
"I've got everything you need to start your own garden. Assuming the soil's not too toxic, of course."
"If you're feeling lucky, I've got a mystery box for sale. Could be anything inside."
"Ah, a fellow collector of rare items. Let me show you my most prized possession."
"If you're looking for a pet, I've got a few...unusual options."
"Are you lost, my friend? Let me help you find your way...for a small fee."
"I've got some medicine that will cure whatever ails you. Unless it's radiation sickness."
"You want to know the secret to surviving in the wasteland? A good pair of boots."
"I've got a story for every item I sell. Some of them might even be true."
"You seem lost. I can help you find your way, but it'll cost you."
"I have just what you need, but don't ask me how I got it."
"You look like you could use some protection. Lucky for you, I've got some top-of-the-line gear."
"What's your hurry? Let's talk business."
"I have a feeling we're going to be great business partners. Just remember, honesty is key."
"I'll make you a deal you can't refuse."
"I've got some rare items that will pique your interest. Interested?"
"You're not from around here, are you? That could be an advantage for you... or a disadvantage."
"I've got a nose for finding what people need. And I can find it for you, for a price."
"You'd be wise to listen to my advice. I've seen a thing or two in my time."
"I can get you anything you want, if you're willing to pay for it."
"I don't like to talk about my past, but let's just say I've done some things I'm not proud of."
"You don't want to cross me. I have ways of getting what I want."
"I can tell you're not like the others. You've got a certain spark in your eye."
"Some might say I'm a little too curious for my own good. But I think it's what makes me good at what I do."
"I'll make sure you get what you came for, but you have to do something for me first."
"I'm not the kind of person you want to make an enemy of."
"I've got connections you wouldn't believe. You need something, I know a guy who knows a guy."
"I've got a sixth sense about people. And I sense that you're someone who can be trusted."
"I'm not going to lie to you, things are tough out here. But that just means there are more opportunities for those who know where to look."
"I've got a secret that could make us both very rich. But you have to keep it between us."
"I'm a little suspicious of anyone who doesn't want to do business with me. What are they hiding?"
"I can help you get out of here, but you have to trust me. And trust is hard to come by in these parts."
"You have to be careful who you trust in this world. You never know who's working for the other side."
"I've seen things in my time that would make your hair stand on end. And I can help you avoid them... for a price."
"Me sell you good stuff, me promise!"
"What you want? Me got everything."
"You come to me for the best deal in town, yes?"
"Me have all you need and more, hehehe."
"Me know what you need before you know you need it."
"Me have the biggest selection this side of the wasteland."
"You lucky to find me, me give you good price."
"Me trade with anyone, even mutants and robots."
"Me goods not stolen, just 'found' hehehe."
"Me prices lower than a mole rat's burrow."
"Me have the rarest of rare items, you see."
"Me not cheat you, me just very good at bargaining."
"Me know secrets of the wasteland, trade with me to learn."
"Me not just trader, me adventurer too."
"You come to me, you leave happy, yes?"
"Me make you deal you can't refuse."
"Me not afraid of raiders or mutants, me can handle them."
"You think me shady? Me think you need new eyes."
"Me know what you looking for, me have it."
"Me not like other traders, me different."
"Me prices good, quality better, hehehe."
"You trade with me, me make sure you not regret it."
"Me not like to brag, but me the best trader in all wasteland."
"Me travel far and wide for the best items, you see."
"Me not just sell, me trade stories too."